Database Introduction:
    A Database Management System (DBMS) is a software system that is designed to manage and organize data
    in a structured manner.
    It allows users to create, modify and query a database, as well as manage the security and access
    controls for that database.

    Overview of where we need database:

    E-Commerce with Microservice
    --
    User Registration
          - User account is created
          - Do the shopping
          - search the product   --- Getting products from Databases
          - sorting and filters  --- implementation in backend application
          - add products into cart -- cart service --it's own database where user specific information is stored
          - order the product  -- order service -- it's own database
          - payment for product -- payment service -- it's own database
          - provide the feedback and review -- review service -- it's own database


    Some key features of DBMS
       - Data modeling : This defines the structures and relationships of data in a database.
       - Data storage and retrieval : A DBMS is responsible for storing and retrieving the data from
            database and can provide the various methods for searching and querying the data.
       - Data integrity and security: A DBMS provides tool for enforcing data integrity and security
        constraints such as constraints on the values of data and access control that restricts
        who can access the data.
        Example : This is achieved using username and passwords for user accounts.
       - Backup and recovery: A DBMS provides the mechanism for backing up and recovering the data
       in the event of a system failure.



    RDBMS : (Relational Database Management System)
        Data is organized in the form of tables and each table has a set of rows and columns
        The data is related to each other that means one table has relation with other table
        And it also shared the data in the form of foreign keys.
        There will be schemas which defines the tables

        example of
            Student Schema:
                RollNumber
                Name
                Address
                mobile
                blood group


        Example :
            Student has a association with Department
            This relation will one student can be associated with only one department
            This is example of one to one mapping.
            One student can be associated with multiple clubs in the college.
            This is example of one to many mapping.

    Examples of RDBMS:
        Oracle, My SQl, Microsoft SQL Server, Postgress SQL, Maria DB etc.

    NoSql:
        Data is organized in the form of key-value pairs, document, graph or column based.
        These are designed to handle large scale and high performance scenarios.
        When we have schema less implementations, we should think about using NoSql databases.

    Example:
        MongoDB, InfluxDb, Redis Db, Cloud providers NoSql databases like AWS has DynamoDB.



    Data languages:
        DDL (Data Definition Language)
        DML (Data Manipulation Language)
        DCL (Data Control Language)
        TCL (Transactional Control Language)

















